Print guide first version (#465)
akeneo/pim-api-docs: content/guides/print-connection/step4-define-your-first-scope.md

# Define the scope of your first version

## A "Connection-compliant" connector

The best way to interact with Julia's PIM is to develop a "[Connection-compliant](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/articles/what-is-a-connection.html)" connector (based on our API).

:::tips
Why?
Please don't hesitate to read our ["4 reasons why you should use our API"](https://api.akeneo.com/documentation/why-the-api.html#4-reasons-why-you-should-use-our-api) page.
:::

## Follow the guide!

> As [mentioned before](step2-understand-akeneo-pim.html), there are [several editions](https://www.akeneo.com/compare-editions/) and several supported version of Akeneo PIM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As [mentioned before](step2-understand-akeneo-pim.html), there are [several editions](https://www.akeneo.com/compare-editions/) and several supported versions of Akeneo PIM.
```

> Of course, the choice of the PIM version/edition depends on your business but we strongly encourage you to develop a connector that is fully compatible with our latest **Serenity edition**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Of course, the choice of the PIM version/edition depends on your business but we strongly encourage you to develop a connector that is fully compatible with our latest **SaaS edition**.
```

To know more about the different PIM versions, don't hesitate to consult our blog section on our [PIM release cycle](https://www.akeneo.com/blog/akeneo-introduces-a-simpler-product-release-cycle/).

You can also consult our [release notes](https://www.akeneo.com/release-notes/) and our ["new key features released" page](https://help.akeneo.com/pim/serenity/whats-new.html) to understand more about the latest Akeneo supported **versions** and their brand new features.

Well, now you can [start here](https://api.akeneo.com/getting-started/connect-the-pim-4x/welcome.html) to connect your print solution with our API! 🚀

## Step by step

**Our recommendation: always listen to your customer's needs first!**

We are aware that it is difficult and expensive in terms of investment to achieve a 100% complete print connector that is flexible enough to adapt to any customer project.

> Furthermore, to build such a complex connector as a print connector in a single iteration would undoubtedly be too complex to specify.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, to build such a complex connector as a print connector in a single iteration would undoubtedly be too complex to design from scratch.
```

**Our advice: adopt an Agile approach!**

* Interview your future potential customers about their needs

> * Set priorities based on the most generic needs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set priorities based on the most common ones
```
